Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, before we applaud the products, what we can do is we can check if the user selected the main
category and the subcategory.
Okay, now to do this, we have to go to the upload product function and over your right and we are
going to have another heat statement.
Okay.
We can say if main.
Category value.
Is not equal to you can secretly.
It is currently equal to select mid category and over year.
We are basically saying if it is not equal to the.
Which is not we just have to copy this so we don't make any spelling mistake if it is not equal to this.
Okay.
If it is not equal to this.
Make category value.
Okay.
We basically do not need that space if it is not equal to the select main category.
That is, if it is not equal to this and.
And.
The subcategory value.
Subcategory value is not equal to the sub category.
If it is not equal to this, it means the user selected the main category and also the sub category
OC.
If it is not secured to it, then we want to do this.
Okay.
I'm just going to copy everything over here.
Concurrency and cards and PCs over via.
Okay.
And now we can see else.
We want to return.
What's a snack bar?
Snack bar?
Snack bar.
And the test is going to say, please select.
Category.
Okay.
How do you semi-colon use control and has to save.
And now you can see currently we have not selected any category.
And now let's click on upload.
Look, you can see please select category seems good and now you can choose the main category.
And the subcategory is going to be it's going to say it's going to be t shirt and click upload.
You can see please fields must not be empty.
Some skirt.
Sims.
Good.
Right.
Look, guys.